hello what is up guys Jackie from
secular gaming HD and this is the second
episode of thierry honry a legend in the
making and the first episode actually
went down really really well and to
start a video I didn't mention anything
about likes and we haven't managed to
actually hit 500 likes I'll did comment
on the video if we can reach 500 likes
that be amazing I'm looking at my video
right now it's on 501 so big thumbs up
to you guys thank you for the support on
that if you can do the same again that'd
be absolutely fantastic I don't see how
we can take 500 likes if every every the
same person hits the like button again
so do that now then you won't forget but
we're going to the first game and you
may have missed you may have noticed
something I should be putting a plus
free bronze attribute card auntie Ron
Reed but I didn't but literally the
first first chance to get me to you
honry or school and then I thought what
the hell did I put an attribute card
onto your honry these shootings really
good then I realized I didn't put the
attribute card on so had to restart the
game I actually dashboard a door I
actually turn my xbox off because I
wasn't allowed to play a game without
the attribute cart basically so it says
four games played and seven goals it's
actually free games played and seven
goals as six goals sorry so I don't get
the goal for that because I didn't put
your ecard and if you don't understand
seriously you kind of thinking what the
hell why did I put a tree card on make
sure you watch the first episode
especially the first two minutes of the
first episode I will explain exactly why
I need to put an attribute card on but
the main reason i'll explain quickly
it's just because i need to i'm getting
him to a legend status and once the
score five goals i put plus free on his
attribute in terms of attribute cards
but we get off to a fantastic start in
this game we basically chip over the
goalkeeper chest sit down and put it
around the keyboard just over the keeper
was a really nice really nice girl but
this personals playing games was a
little bit of a retard to be honest yeah
he got some lucky chances like that for
example just going to clear out and it
bounces back into him and he was going
to be in an offside position if he got
past two but and that's pretty much the
only clips of that game i lost 4-1 as
you can see that goes like that just
kept happening to me and yeah it won't
doesn't bother me because in this series
we're only allowed to school to your
honry are scored in that game so as long
as I score that's exactly that's you
know that's fine with me obviously if I
could if I can score a hat-trick that's
even better but then um I've got to say
I
started the next game without put an
attribute card on again and then it also
started the third game will that put an
extra card on sat at the end of this
series you're going to see the sign at
the end of this episode you're going to
see nine games played even though I've
only played six so it's going to be a
little bit confusing but I'll make sure
I keep them and remember to tell you
guys the actual stats but going to the
first game a second game sorry and the
first opportunity will t honry was a
finesse shot of foretells going in it
was a pretty pretty good opportunity to
be honest I'm surprised didn't score
even with a plus free expect him to
school bus waiting for tiara on me to go
up here because it didn't quite get
through those for finesse pretty much
the same position as before gets back up
and shoots of his weak foot which didn't
quite go in bombs I'm glad he got some
more opportunities this game because in
the first game you only had one at least
he put it away though but here BB on e
gets set off a nice one to passing there
makes him gets get set loose basically
interior Murray and watching him in the
Box get into the box manages to climb up
I think your honry is something like 6
foot 2 so it's obviously going to get
his head to a lot of crosses that I
think I've scored about four or five
goals just with Thierry in terms of
heading that's really good but 85th
minute I do notice he's getting fruit
and I brilliant bull there and brilliant
touch as well controls with his chest
touched it with his foot before it's the
ground as well and i'll put it into the
back of the net to make it two girls 40
honry in this game and that was the last
chance of the game for Tyrion reach that
now equals let's say I think it's five
games played and nine goals scored which
is a pretty decent record with Thierry
Henry and because it's not exactly the
most it's not the best player now on
their thief on ultimate team ease his
normal stats of 75 and obviously when
i'm playing with plus free attribute
cards it goes up to 78 pace so he's OK
in pace now but his is dribbling and
stuff that doesn't seem to be as good as
it says on his card which it says 86
it's just not it I don't know why it's
just it's just not it's got quite a big
touch I fingers because it's quite tall
think the smaller you are the better you
touches and the dribbling and stuff like
that but we go into the third game is
called pretty decent team to be honest
and Zambia here passes through for the
first opportunity and goes for a weak
foot finessin I was surprised he didn't
even get on targets be honest but and a
lot of comments in the last episode said
don't you score with your other players
and asked me I said to them but you know
in the conversation the whole idea of
the series is Scorpio Andrey if I don't
score famous it doesn't mean anything
but before I had a couple of
opportunities here in this game and I
put him away with my other players and
then I realized to know into the game 20
for 20 minutes in I was like this guy's
going to quit out and if I they
without without getting a gold jewelry
I'm gonna be pretty pissed and bug do
get a chance here tre finesse shot again
from that kind of position here on we
just fake fake shotting around him malo
malo gets through and I try not to
school because I I had a feeling you'd
rage quit free no into the game free no
first half most people quit these days
it's really sad that people do that but
as you can see you already know what's
gonna happen know the drill it's quit
out and I don't get a goal of Tiran
reading that game so that means I played
six games and I've now scored nine goals
and if anything didn't make sense to you
in a series make sure you put it in the
comments section below I'll try not to
as best as I can but I recommend you
watch the first episode then it would
make more sense to you and if you
remember hit that like button and
subscribe to my channel then I'll make
sure get another episode out for you
guys tomorrow so thank you guys for
watching and listening and here are the
stats you can see here remember it's six
games played and it's actually nine
goals scored because of that first game
anyway guys thank you for watching and
listening I'll see you later bye